[scripts] Use build_cxx_project.sh for build_sc_component_manager.sh (#88)
ostis-ai/sc-component-manager: README.md

# sc-component-manager

> This repository is a storage of the Component manager of the [OSTIS Project](https://github.com/ostis-ai).

Reviewer: I think, repository is a storage itself and there is no need to duplicate it info.

> This repository is a storage of the Component manager of the [OSTIS Project](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-project).

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/ostis-ai/sc-component-manager/assets/36566977/b702b7cc-fe0a-4ae2-80a6-97bfdf06a456)

File specification.scs contains description of two sections: **components** and **repositories**.

> **Repositories** have links for source (GitHub, Google Drive etc.) with specification file, **components** have links to source with specification of component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Repositories** have links for source on GitHub with specification file, **components** have links to source with specification of component.
```
